Add new LMPOP and BLMPOP commands. (#1636)
redis/redis-doc: commands/blmpop.md

`BLMPOP` is the blocking variant of `LMPOP`.

> When lists contains elements, this command behaves exactly like `LMPOP`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When any of the lists contains elements, this command behaves exactly like `LMPOP`.
```

When used inside a `MULTI`/`EXEC` block, this command behaves exactly like `LMPOP`.

> When lists are empty, Redis will block the connection until another client pushes to it or until `timeout` (a double value specifying the maximum number of seconds to block) is reached.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When all lists are empty, Redis will block the connection until another client pushes to it or until the `timeout` (a double value specifying the maximum number of seconds to block) elapses.
```

A `timeout` of zero can be used to block indefinitely.

See `LMPOP` for more information.

@return

@array-reply: specifically:

* A `nil` when no element could be popped, and timeout is reached.

> * A two-element array with the first element being the name of the key from which elements where popped, and the second element is an array of elements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A two-element array with the first element being the name of the key from which elements were popped, and the second element is an array of elements.
```

`BLMPOP` is the blocking variant of `LMPOP`.

When lists contains elements, this command behaves exactly like `LMPOP`.
When used inside a `MULTI`/`EXEC` block, this command behaves exactly like `LMPOP`.

> When lists are empty, Redis will block the connection until another client
> pushes to it or until `timeout` (a double value specifying the maximum number
> of seconds to block) is reached.

Reviewer 2: our new style guides (see readme) ask that we don't split sentences to multiple lines.
this is intended to make diffs smaller and code review easier.
i know it is confusing since most of the existing docs are written differently.
```suggestion
When lists are empty, Redis will block the connection until another client pushes to it or until `timeout` (a double value specifying the maximum number of seconds to block) is reached.
```

Author: i did take a look with the new guides and the existing code also confusing me...
anyway, i realize this now, and I will deal with it this way in the future

A `timeout` of zero can be used to block indefinitely.

See `LMPOP` for more information.

@return

@array-reply: specifically:

> * A `nil` multi-bulk when no element could be popped, and timeout is reached.
> * A two-element multi-bulk with the first element being the name of the key where
>   elements was popped, and the second element is a multi-bulk with an array of elements.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* A `nil` when no element could be popped, and timeout is reached.
* A two-element array with the first element being the name of the key from which elements where popped, and the second element is an array of elements.
```
